OK, so you are about to look at
a series of pictures that tell a
story. So imagine you are
telling the story to someone who
cannot see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story and this story.
Let's see. This story is about
20 slides long, so it'll take
you roughly 1010 to 15 minutes
to tell the story. So I'm going
to stop sharing that, and now
I'm going to share the story.
And I'll make this bigger for
you.
OK. And like before, like
before, when you're writing,
move on. I could.
Flip the pages. OK and.
Yes.
And So what I did last time is
what you're looking for.
What you see and tell the story.
What I see and tell the story.
OK. Ready. Yep.
#START_return So we start off
with a man who's in an office in
his home and he's writing.
With his left hand on a desk.
There's a bright light above his
head, shining down onto what
he's writing, or maybe drawing
something.
In the room, there's a picture
on the wall with a picture
frame. There's a bookshelf full
of books, and there's a real
short, small wooden door that's
closed. And then there's a large
door that's open, and coming in
that door is a red kite.
Now we're outside the room and
you can still still see the tail
of the kite and the and the line
that leads to the kite, and
that's in red. And there's a set
of stairs going down in a table
with the TV, then another table
with a plant and some pictures
on the wall.
Then there's also another room,
so we're clearly in a house
upstairs. And there's a bedroom
and on the bed is a cat
sleeping.
There's a door between the
bedroom and a small bathroom.
The bathroom has a sink and a
waste basket, and one light
above the sink with a mirror.
And a couple of pictures on the
wall.
And then we've gone downstairs
and we're in the entryway.
So there's the front door, and
there's a coat tree with some
coats and hat hanging on it, and
a small entryway table with a
lamp on it.
There's a large vase on the
floor with some plants coming
out of it.
And on the wall is wallpaper.
And two picture frames.
And there's an open doorway that
where you can see towards the
stairs that are curved to stair
rail with the stairs going
upstairs.
And on the wall is wallpaper and
a mirror.
So now
we see the kitchen and there's a
stove with a pot on the stove, a
white stove with a with a hooded
vent and some cabinets below and
cabinets above. Some of the
cabinets below open and others
are are drawers, and you can see
that there's also a sink there.
And up above the cabinets are
different.
Pieces of dishes or decorative
items.
Now you can see also a set of
stairs, but I don't know where
that's leading with the stairs
go up and I don't know where
it's leading, but there's a door
at the bottom of the stairs that
lead into another bedroom.
This bedroom has a small bed.
And above the bed.
Is a map of the world and a red
hot air balloon is hanging from
the ceiling as well as a blue, I
mean a purple bird hanging from
the ceiling.
And there's a window, and below
the window is a dresser. Dresser
with a lamp on on top of the
dresser and a wastebasket down
on the floor.
And there's a girl who is
holding a red ball.
And she's got an orange crown on
her head. She has brown hair,
wearing a white shirt with Gray
shorts and brown shirt shoes.
She has a red pen in her hand
and she's drawing a doorway.
OK.
So now we see not just one large
picture, but but three snippets
of a picture. So in the top
picture is the man who was in
his office.
Sitting at his desk drawing, and
he stopped drawing and turned
around and looked at the red
kite that's laying on the floor.
Now he's gotten up off of his
desk stool and he's picking up
the red red kite with his left
hand.
And now you see the red kite
laying on the floor, and you see
his desk and his stool. But I
don't know where the man is.
So now in the bigger picture, he
is in the little girl's bedroom,
the bedroom where she drew the
red door, and the man's leaning
down, looking through the red
door that's opened.
OK.
So now we're in a forest, and
the forest has a lot of really
big trees. In between the trees
is hanging a string of lights.
There are some small lights, and
then there's also some larger
lights that are like lanterns,
all hanging from the trees.
And.
From one of the big trees is the
red door that the little girl
drew in when she was in her
bedroom.
And the the man has walked
through that red door and is now
standing in the forest.
There's a a stream and across
the stream is a small pier or a
small deck that's coming out,
wooden, wooden deck that's
coming out from the land into
the water, and on the edge of
that deck or pier is a red ball.
Now the man has gone over to
that wooden pier and he's
standing on the edge of it and
he's holding the red ball.
He still is amongst all the
trees, with all the lights that
are strung between the trees and
the lanterns hanging from the
trees.
And coming down the stream is a
is a boat that looks like a
dragon. So you can see the
Dragon's head and part of his
body on the front of the boat,
and on the back is a is a tail.
In the next picture we see three
different images in the first
one.
Again, the man is standing on
the deck holding the ball red
ball, and the dragon boat is
approaching him.
So now the Dragon boat is right
in front of him, and the man has
jumped onto the dragon boat and
it's going past on the water.
So the man is riding on the
dragon boat and he has his hand
up above his eyes, looking
towards the front to what he can
see. He's still holding the red
ball, and right in front of him
now is a large castle. The
castle has a lot of different
towers and tur...turrets on it,
and some of those have blue
roofs and some of them.
Are Dome shaped and are gold
with flags flying off the top of
them. So the boat is is in the
water and it's headed towards an
A large open door headed into
the castle.
Now you'll see a larger picture
of the castle.
And I don't see the man in the
dragon boat, but between the
left side castle and the right
side castle is a very tall
bridge going over the the water
or the Moat, and on top of that
bridge is a small red boat.
With a person in it.
Going from one side of the
castle to the other side of the
castle.
OK.
So now we're back to the Dragon
boat, and we can see the the man
has arrived at the end of the
water.
To a the bottom of a set of
stairs and he's jumped off the
boat. He left the red ball on
the boat and he jumped off the
boat and he's racing towards
some people and there's the
small girl who.
Is the one with the Red Pen who
was in her bedroom and drew the
red door, and she's running up
those steps towards another
child and an adult.
Above the child and the adult.
Is a purple bird flying just
above them along the.
The the side of there watching
are two probably security
guards. They're in uniform, they
have bugles in their hands.
And on the other side of that
water, the same thing, there's a
group of people over there.
Ohh.
I can't tell what they're
wearing, really.
So now we see the man
approaching who looks like a
Prince or a king.
This king has a crown. He has a
long white beard. He is a long
yellow cloak with a brown.
Cloak over it.
And some.
Decorative.
Like banner kind of across his
chest, across his chest, and
standing by him is the young boy
who has a purple pen with him.
The boy has a striped shirt and
blue pants and a crown.
And the purple bird.
Is now sitting on the shoulder
of the young boy.
They're looking towards the
young girl who is still holding
her red pen.
Wearing a crown and she has her
arms crossed and is looking the
other way, kind of trying to
ignore them and she's looking
towards.
Looks like the throne of a king.
OK.
So now we see all four of them.
The King, the little boy, the
little girl. The little boy
still has his purple pen. The
girl has her red pen. And we see
the the the man also.
They're looking out. Oh, and
above them is the purple bird.
They're looking out towards some
water where the dragon boat is,
which would be right at the
bottom of those steps. Now
they're at the top of those
steps, and on the Dragon boat is
a.
Like a guard.
Who seems to be stepping off the
boat towards them and he's
carrying something in his hand.
Following that, that guard are
other guards coming off the the
Dragon boat and they have like
sword swords in their hands, and
the swords look like large
arrows. And they're headed up
the steps towards the the the
four, the king, the man, the
young boy, and the young girl.
And the king has something in
his hand that's.
Looks like it's shining.
But I don't know if it's a
weapon or a light.
So now the guards who have come
off the dragon boat are getting
closer and they're headed up the
steps, but the king has come
down a few steps also.
He.
Still has something in his hand
that I'm unsure. I think it is
probably a sword of some sort
trying to hold back those. Those
guards and behind the king are
the the man, the boy, and the
girl, and the girl is holding
the purple.
Bird.
So the king has now taken his
sword out and pointed it towards
the first guard who's coming up
the steps, and he has something
in his hand that has a crank on
the side of it.
Now he's taken that.
Device with the crank and put it
aimed it at the king, and it has
managed to take the sword out of
the King's hand.
So now they've captured the
king. One guard is holding on to
his right hand, and the other
guard is is standing on his left
side, and the man with the
device that has the crank on it
is now running, running away
from them.
So now we see the man with the
young boy and the young girl.
And the young boy with the
purple Pen is drawing.
Is drawing. It looks like a
purple animal of some sort.
And the young girl is behind.
Behind them, she's holding her
red pen along with the purple
bird, and approaching them from
behind is the guard with the
cranking device.
So the boy has managed to draw.
Excuse me has managed to draw a
purple.
Animal that is very mystical
looking. It's kind of like a a
lion, but it has big wings and
the man along with the young boy
and the young girl have climbed
on the back of this purple
winged animal and are flying
away.
And they're up in the sky
already, and behind them is a
small tower with the guard who
has the crank device, and he's
reaching towards them.
So the the man, the boy and the
girl are still on the the the
flying purple animal.
And the girl has her red pen and
the purple bird. But the boy has
now lost his purple pen. It's
flying off the back end and
trying to follow them is the.
Dragon boat that now appears to
be flying. It's out of the
water. It has the king who's
been captured along with three
guards, and they're flying above
the castle.
So the.
Dragon boat that is now flying,
so now it's a dragon.
plane.
Still has the king with the with
the guards on it, and they have
captured the little boy. So
they're hanging on to the little
boy with one hand off the side
of the the dragon, and on the
front of the dragon is the guard
with the crank device, and it
has.
Seems to have maybe.
Sucked in the flying purple.
Animal and there's feathers
flying all over so.
Now the man is holding the hand
of the little girl, and they're
falling in the sky, and the girl
still has her red pen in one
hand and she's holding on to the
purple bird in the other.
So now the man and the little
girl have fallen from the sky
and they've fallen down into the
water and under the water. It's
very deep and there are a few
schools of fish and some rock
formations growing up from the
from the bottom of the water.
And they're falling down into
the into the water. And as
they're falling, the little girl
has now taken her red pen and
she's.
Drawing a boat.
So they're still in the water
and and what she has really
drawn is not just a boat but a
submarine.
So now the submarine is under
the water with just the very top
showing and you can see inside
the submarine is the purple
bird.
And you can see the man sitting
at a desk with a porthole.
And above the man.
The little girl is.
Standing and looking through the
Periscope.
That's above the water, just to
see what's out there.
So now the submarine has
surfaced and it's right by a
large cave.
And we still see the man and the
little girl standing on top of
the submarine. The little girl
still has her red pen in her
pocket, and above them is the
purple bird. And they're looking
towards the The Cave. And above
The Cave are all sorts of
drawings or hieroglyphs.
Drawings of people.
And.
Maybe some animals?
A boat.
Hot air balloon.
And now you can still see the
opening to the large cave, with
the water also going into The
Cave and the hieroglyphs.
So now they're starting to go
into The Cave and they're
pointing to some of the drawings
up on the side of The Cave.
And one of the drawings looks to
be a a man.
And a woman. The woman has a
bucket.
May be pouring something and
there's a bird.
And there's also another person.
Um standing under a bit of a
canopy.
And down at the bottom, where
the man and the little girl are
standing right on the edge of
the water, there's also a small
door that's leading into a rock
formation and sitting next to
the man and the girl is the
purple bird.
So now you see the man and the
little girl and the purple
purple bird, and the man now has
a pen in his hand and he's
drawing something.
And what he's drawn is actually
a bird cage that's hanging off
of a stand, a stand that is
rectangular shape.
That looks like a door, and the
birdcage is hanging from it.
So now you can see the man and
the little girl are crouched
down behind a rock formation.
The little girl has her red pen
in her back pocket of her
shorts. They're peering around
the rock formation towards the
birdcage.
With the purple bird in it.
And running towards the Purple
Bird is the man with the crank
device.
And now he has.
Entered the bird cage. The sides
of the cage had bars that were
on them that that are now down.
On all four sides, so the cage
is open.
And the man is approaching the
purple bird and.
Looks like the bird has has been
sucked into that crank device,
but now the crank device has
fallen out of the guard's hands
and the guard is standing in the
open cage and the crank device
is falling outside.
The.
The man and the little girl.
Have managed to put up the sides
of the bird cage that are bars.
And they have now trapped the
guard.
And they have the crank device
and they're throwing it at the
cage. The cage again has the
guard inside of it.
So now we see a very colorful,
colorful picture.
You can see the man and the
little girl and they have the
crank device that is now
exploded into pieces and off to
the side is the large cage that
has the guard in it and once
that crank device exploded.
Out came the flying.
Purple animal.
Along with the Purple Bird is
flying and there's all rainbow
colors swirling around in the
sky. There's blue and green,
orange, yellow, purple.
And there's also different
colored butterflies and
dragonflies. Red and yellow,
green, blue.
And let's see.
The man and the girl are still
standing down near the edge of
the water.
Where we had seen the rock
formation with the small door
and they're standing right at
the edge there.
Then we also see the Dragon boat
has come towards the open cave
in the in the water. So the
dragon boat is now a boat again.
And there's two security guards
who are have their hands up in
front of them guarding
themselves.
And swirling above them are the
rainbow colors again with the
butterflies.
And you can see the.
King and the little boy have now
escaped.
So now you can see the man and
the king.
Along with the little boy and
the little girl standing at the
edge of the water, right near
that rock formation with a small
door. Above them are flying all
the different colored birds.
And butterflies.
All the different colors purple,
green, blue, yellow, red.
And you can see in the distance
outside The Cave in the water as
the dragon boat.
And it's going away from them
and has a couple guards on it.
And it looks like coming out of
the water is the tail of a
purple.
Animal.
Above them is flying the purple
flying animal and it's carrying
the the cage that I think still
has the guard trapped inside of
him.
Inside the cage.
So now you can see the man, and
the little girl has the red pen
in her back pocket and she's
hugging the man, and the man is
kind of surprised that she's
hugging him. You can then also
see the king.
Standing with the little boy and
on the King's arm is the purple
bird.
The man and the little girl are
standing right near the small
door that is now slightly open
and.
And leading out of that doorway.
Is the red tail of a kite.
So now we're back. Back to the
beginning where we saw the
house, the House where that we
saw the man in his office.
And you can still see.
You can still see his his
office.
You can see his desk.
And remember, on that wall was a
small door, and that door is now
open. There's also a larger door
that's open leading out of his
office.
You can also see.
Uh.
Below that you can see the
entryway where we saw the coat
tree and the entryway table and
the door leading to the to the
steps. You can see part of the
kitchen where we saw the stove
with some a pot on the stove.
You can also see down below
what's like the basement where
you can see mechanical equipment
like a A.
a water heater and an oil tank
that's Oval shaped and pipes
leading to and from all of
those. And outside the building
you can see a lot of tall sky
skyscraper buildings.
And below those is a Grove of
trees.
Flying above.
Flying outside the house and
above the trees is the red kite.
#END_return
And now I'm going to share the
next one.
OK, and now I'm gonna share my
screen.
And this is just a complex
scene, so you'll have three
approximately 3 to 4 minutes to
describe the scene.
And you could begin whenever
you're ready.
#START_make_a_splash So now
we're looking at a large picture
with many, many people, both
adults and children.
They're at a water park.
And so we can see the water, and
the water has a lot of people in
it.
Umm.
There are slides that are
leading down to the water.
And these slides.
are water slides and they they
twist around and are mingled
together. So there's a green
slide that twists around and
leads down to the water. There's
a yellow one and there's also a
red one. And in every slide you
can see people entering the
slide.
They're on the slide in the
water coming down and then at
the very bottom you can see them
falling into into the water.
In the water you can also see a
large boat.
And the boat has a very large
slide that leads from the top
deck all the way down to the
water and the boats like a like
a a pirate ship used to be with
the rope ladders leading up the
side of it up to the top of the
mast.
You can see a lot of people in
the water. Some of them are.
You can see some people are just
swimming or sitting and enjoying
it. Others are in little inner
tubes, floating and sitting on
those.
Others are standing and
chatting.
There's.
A.
{I have really bad allergies,
sorry, you're good.| There is a
large inflatable snake that's
floating in the water and kids
are sitting on it. There are
also really big inflatable balls
in the in the water.
Umm.
And or maybe they're like.
Maybe they're not ball
inflatable and it looks like
there's water pouring out of
them.
And the kids are enjoying being
splashed by the water
underneath. You also see a
really large slide on the right
hand side of the pool.
And the slide has 123456
different slides coming down,
all in different colors. So
there's red and orange, yellow,
green, blue and purple.
And coming down, all the slides
are people. There's some.
Kids and there looks to be like
a mom holding a child.
And one of the kids is actually
coming down head first.
You can also see over on the
other side where the water
slides.
The curved water slides are, you
can see a lot of people waiting
to get onto those slides.
They're at the very top of kind
of a mountain that comes down to
the water.
And there's a very large crowd
of people. There's adults and
there's children.
Waiting in line on both sides,
waiting to get on to the slides.
Down at the bottom of the slides
to the side, you can see a
lifeguard is sitting on a tall
lifeguard chair with an
umbrella.
And she's wearing an orange
visor and she instead of
watching what's happening with
all of the people around her,
she is talking to a man who's
standing right at the bottom of
her.
Lifeguard chair.
There's a small bridge.
That goes there's kind of like a
a little island built into the
pool, and there's a bridge that
goes from the island to the
other side where there's a
pathway, and then there's like a
lazy river that's curved around.
That comes out into the larger
pool and in that lazy river,
people are floating in their
inner tubes and there's some
kids, there's adults with other
kids sitting with them on on
their inner tube.
Alongside on the pathway,
there's people.
Walking and.
Chatting. And then there's a
grass area where people have
laid out blankets, all different
color blankets. Blue, red,
orange.
And there's people lounging on
those blankets, there's.
Some people.
Laying down or sitting down and
chatting to themselves and
chatting to other people who are
standing up around them.
#END_make_a_splash
That's perfect. I could. I'm
going to pull up our next one. I
know there's so much on the, you
know, I know it's like there's a
lot. OK, so flash.
OK, our next one is a short
story like before, like a like
like I said before. So just take
between 10:10 to 15 minutes to
describe the story and I will
share this full screen.
And let me know when you'd like
me to flip the page. New story,
yes?
OK.
Wow. Where to begin? OK.
#START_flowerman So our story
begins with a person who's
crossing over a.
A bridge and the bridge is
leading from one side of the
land over to the other side of
the land, and underneath it
looks to be.
What used to be?
A lake, maybe, but the lake
doesn't have any water in it
anymore. And in the bottom of
the lake you can see an old car
with a with broken windows you
can see an old anchor.
And you can see part of a
rowboat on the on the bottom of
the of the dry lake.
So you can see this person
walking over the bridge being
followed by a small animal.
And the person is has a green
jacket.
With a purple hat.
And on the small bridge that is
a curved top to the bridge on
each corner, our street lights
and the person is right in the
middle of the bridge and they're
walking to the other side that
has a lot of buildings.
So there's one smaller building
that has a sign that says gas,
and outside there is a man
standing next to the front door
and there's a gas.
It's a gas station with a gas
pump next to the door.
Next to that building is another
building with a striped roof,
and there's a sign above the
doorway that says bar.
And that building is a two-story
building and to the side of the
building is a set of stairs that
go up.
Towards a door, and then the
steps turn and go up another
level to another door.
Between the bar and the next
building is an old pickup truck
that is parked. In the back of
the pickup truck has wood rails
on the side of it and that one
is parked right near a building
with a sign that says bait shop
and the building has a door with
one window with shutters.
And in the roof are two like
dormer windows.
That bait shop is right on the
corner of a street.
And um, across.
Walking from across the street
is another person walking
towards the bait shop.
On the other corner, across from
the bait shop, is a a large
building that looks like it has
a very large garage door, but
there's no sign on it, so we're
not sure what that building is.
Behind those buildings are lots
of other buildings.
OK, so the one door that has the
large garage door on it does
have a sign off the side of it
that says garage.
So behind all those buildings
look to be.
Homes.
You can see one tall building
with some windows and a person
is standing in the window, and
from one house to the next is a
clothesline with some clothes
hanging on it.
On the other side, where we
started with the gas station,
next to that gas station looks
to be a circus tent is set up.
Right on the corner, right on
the edge of the of the dry lake.
And behind them is a large
Ferris wheel.
Behind the gas station is a
large Ferris wheel.
OK.
So now we can see the person who
has had crossed the bridge with
the green jacket.
Has a blue hat and an orange
scarf. They're carrying a blue
umbrella that is not open and
carrying a bag in their hand.
And they have a.
I think some type of animal
following them. They're walking
down the street in between all
of the houses that we saw in the
other picture and all the other
buildings.
You can see another building.
Up ahead of the person.
That has a sign outside that
says CAFE and it's a three story
building.
The front door is a large arched
doorway up two steps.
And then above that, on that
next level you can see into some
of the windows.
And one of the windows you can
see two people.
Talking. These might be
apartments above the cafe.
And you can see another person
sitting.
And you can see another person
maybe.
Jumping on her bed.
And you can see another into
another window with a couple
people.
There is.
So the the person in the green
jacket walking in the street is
standing right below a street
light.
And on that corner is another
building that looks like a
house.
And it has above it the front
doors. There are two windows
with shutters.
And above that looks to be like
a a small attic.
With a window with shutters and
a child or a person looking out
that window.
Right outside to the side of
that building, you can see a
man.
Talking with a young boy, the
man does not look like he's very
happy.
On the other side of the person
who's walking in the street, you
can see another building on the
corner.
Where I do not see a sign as to
what kind of building it is
looks to have a shop on the
bottom floor and maybe
apartments on the upper floor
and you can see a little girl
with a backpack is walking on
the side street in front of that
building.
Coming towards her on the street
is someone on a motorcycle.
Oh, you also see another
building. The person in the
green jacket is walking towards
another building that has a very
steep roof.
And there's a set of glass doors
that lead out of the top of that
house or roof onto a small
porch. And on that porch is a
young boy who's standing there
who doesn't look happy, looks
like he has his eyes closed and
he's frowning and there's a cat
sitting on the on the railing
next to him.
So now you can still see all of
the buildings and the
cobblestone street. The streets,
all full of cobblestones, and
you can see the person in the
green jacket is standing on the
corner.
Under a street light and is
looking towards a very small
house that is very run down,
very dilapidated and in the
front lawn is a sign that says
for sale.
That house is next to.
Some of the other buildings we
saw that looked to have
businesses on the bottom floor
with apartments up above it.
So this little house is real.
Real small and the all the
buildings around it are real
tall, like two or three stories,
kind of towering over the small
house. In all of the houses or
buildings around it you can see
Windows are open. All the
windows have shutters or
canopies over the top of them.
You can see people inside. Looks
to be inside their apartments.
Sitting and chatting with with
other people. One of them you
can see a man who's standing at
an artist's easel drawing a
picture.
Along the cobblestone street.
You can see people standing
outside businesses chatting.
There's there's two men who are
chatting on the corner. One has
a big, big mustache, the other
one's part partly bald, standing
there chatting. There's some
children.
Playing in this in the street,
or walking in the street next to
them. There's also some people
just lounging by the fountain, a
small fountain outside those
buildings by the cobblestone
street. One man just waiting and
another little boy playing kind
of in the water.
OK.
So now in this picture you can
still see all of the tall
buildings with lots of people
around inside and outside the
buildings.
And you can see the the man in
the green Jack or the person in
the green jacket.
Turns out to be an old man and
the old man now has his jacket
off and he is standing in on a
ladder in the front lawn of the
house that was for sale. And
he's apparently bought this
house and he is working on
fixing it up. So in the front.
Front yard and this house is
right on a on a on a corner. In
the front yard is a small area
of grass and you can see he's
now mowed it with a with a red
lawn mower and there's a little
cobblestone pathway.
And there's a big wood wood
front door, and on either side
of the front door are are large
windows with blue shutters, and
the old man is standing on the
ladder on the right side of the
door.
And he's putting the blue
shutter on the window.
Alongside the outside of the.
Property of the house is a is a
brown wood fence marking his
property, and there's a little
girl leaning on the fence
watching him work.
On the other side, there's also
a small dog.
On the sidewalk by his fence, is
a mailbox.
The house is just very, very
small. It's white with blue
shutters and has a purple
colored roof and you can see
windows.
In the roof like dormer windows
coming out from the roof.
That looked to be the upstairs
of his house, and again all
around his house are these large
two and three story buildings
where all the windows are open.
They have shutters and canopies.
And you can see people inside.
All of those inside the houses.
There are lots of people down on
the sidewalk, or walking in the
cobblestones street, or riding a
scooter. There's a man in a
wheelchair with a a his left leg
is broken.
There's.
A lady with a walking with a
little girl. The lady has a
dress and jewelry and a hat.
Looks to be very dressed up.
She's with a little girl, but
the the lady does not look
happy. She has a frown on her
face.
OK.
So now you still see the picture
with all of the tall two and
three story buildings, with all
the windows open. People are
still all inside of those
windows. There's still people in
the.
In the street there's a little
boy over by the fountain.
There's a food vendor pushing a
food cart, selling something, a
man on a scooter.
You can see people sitting on
the front steps or walking down
the sidewalk.
There's someone who looks like a
milkman, maybe delivering some
milk to one of the houses. You
can see the artist is taking a
break, sitting on the windowsill
of his open window, and he's
holding his artist palette with
all the different paints on it.
And over on the.
Other side you can see two
little girls talking and
playing.
And right on the corner.
Is the House that the old man
has fixed up and it looks really
nice.
The man is out in his front yard
and he's planted some flowers
all along his wood fence and
he's picked some flowers and has
them in his right in his right
hand, and he's waving to
somebody with his left hand.
He's kneeling down on the
ground. The grass looks really
green and cut. You can see the
little dog is standing there.
You can see the blue shutters on
the two windows on his house.
Look very nice.
You can see into his house with
a Big Blue chair in one of the
rooms, and in each of those
windows are flower boxes with
flowers growing out of them.
The blue or the purple roof is
much more purple now, so he must
have painted it. It's a very
beautiful purple with with a
flower boxes in the windows that
are in the second story.
Coming out from the roof.
You can also see a large tree is
now in bloom that must be on the
in his backyard and the tree is
very large and is orange and
yellow and has some small white
flowers.
On the corner of the house is a
street light.
And at the bottom of that street
light is a man with a mask and a
black.
He has a black eye mask and a
Black Hat, and he looks to be
spying on the old man.
Now we see the same picture
again with the small house
that's been fixed up and around
it, the two and three story
buildings.
And now it looks like other
people are starting to fix up
their buildings so you can see
some of the shutters have been
painted red.
Some of them blue.
The canopies have been cleaned
up and are striped purple and
lilac.
You can see.
In in all of the windows, you
can still see inside in some of
the apartments, and it looks
like maybe they've started to
fix up some of their apartments.
You can see the artist's
apartment and he's got an orange
wall and he's out on his window
ledge.
With the big doors open to the
window or shutters open to the
window.
And he's looking out.
In the street below you can see
a truck that says movers and
shakers, and there are some
people who are moving some
things.
In or out of the truck, not sure
what, there's a man holding a
box with a lamp and another man
with a blue shirt and a blue
hat.
Over by the fountain is still
the little boy leaning on the
edge of the fountain playing.
In the street you can see an old
old lady with a blue skirt and a
pink shirt.
Gray hair and glasses and she's
talking to a man. They're
looking towards one of the
buildings and looking towards
the moving van.
Over on the other side, where
the old man has fixed up his
house, you can still see the old
man with his blue shirt and
brown pants, and he's wearing
suspenders.
And he's talking to a little
girl who has red hair and red
glasses and a green sweater and
a blue skirt. And there's a
young boy approaching them.
And the young boy has brown hair
and a green shirt and blue
pants.
And next to them, standing on
the sidewalk, is another man
and.
Young boy, maybe.
And the the man is wearing a
yellow shirt that's too short so
you can see his tummy sticking
out and and purple pants and
he's got red hair, very dark red
hair. And he's holding a flower.
And you can still see the old
man's house is fixed up very
nice with this purple roof and
blue shutters.
And its grass and flowers are
growing and the orange tree is
is growing.
And standing on the corner under
the streetlight.
Is another.
Man with black pants and a white
shirt and a pink tie.
And.
I think he might also be holding
some of the flowers. There's
lots of people all around.
There's a street vendor behind
the house that looks to be
dressed up like a clown or a
clown face pushing a vendors
cart across the street. You can
see an old man standing outside
the building with a sign says
Coca-Cola on the side side of
the building.
And the old man is being hugged
by a little girl with red hair
and a yellow and blue dress with
a bow on her back.
{There's a lot in this picture.
OK.
Did you want more?
Oh, there we go.}
So now you can still see all of
the two and three story
buildings along with the old
man's house and things have
become even more colorful and
there's even more people and
lots more activity happening. So
I think by the little by the old
man fixing up his house, he has
revitalized this whole area.
So you can see the old man's
house and he is out front in his
blue shirt with suspenders and
he's wearing a white apron and
he's cooking at a grill and the
grill is open and has the grill
is red.
And it has some.
Meat on the grill and there's
smoke coming off of it, and also
in the front yard with him is a.
Woman in a green shirt and blue
skirt holding a baby.
And right by the old man's front
door is a child with red hair
and a blue shirt and brown pants
trying to peek in the front
windows, front door windows.
On the.
Sidewalk around his house. You
can still see the brown fence
with all the flowers. You can
see the little girl with the red
hair and red glasses talking to
the man in the wheelchair. The
man with the broken leg.
His left leg is in a cast and is
sticking straight out from the
wheelchair and the person
pushing him is a a woman.
Who has a pink dress?
With white trim and a she's
carrying a little purple purse
on her arm and she has yellow
hair.
Or golden hair.
And glasses, I think.
Umm.
There's a lot of activity
happening in the in the, in the
neighborhood, coming down the
street is a milk truck. It's a
white truck with a.
The truck front is red and the
back is white, and on the side
of the truck it says milk with a
picture of a cow.
And.
It's headed in between the old
man's house and the Coca-Cola
building.
And the Coca-Cola building on
the side, you can see the bench
where the old man is sitting,
and there's another man sitting,
standing right out front,
playing his guitar.
And in the street are dancing a
couple.
Looks to be the milkman.
Has gotten out of his truck and
he is dancing with a girl with
red hair and a white dress and
green blouse, and they're
dancing in the cobblestone
Street.
Next to the old man's house.
Is.
It's actually a red brick
building with a purple roof, and
that is the one that has the
canopies over each window, the
striped canopies of purple and
lilac.
Coming down the front steps of
that building is an old man who
has only one leg.
He must be sitting on the steps
and he's holding up his crutch
in his crutch, in his left hand,
and he's.
Talking, talking to a little
girl who is kneeling on the
front sidewalk.
With red hair and a yellow shirt
and blue skirt. And there's
other kids around the area.
Also. A little girl leaning on
the stair railing with yellow
hair, blonde hair and a blue
dress. And another little boy
sitting on the side stairs. A
set of stairs that lead up to
the second floor.
And.
At the very top of that red
brick building is a little deck
that comes out from the roof,
and there are some people
standing on there. There's a man
and.
A young child and.
Either another young child or a
person standing next to him.
The house next to the red brick
building is the one that has the
artist in it, and the artist is
on the 2nd floor. You can see
into his house with the orange
orange colored walls and he's
painting on his artist's easel.
In front of that building is an
orange car that's driving in the
cobblestone.
An orange sports car.
With a black roof and the man
driving it has a red and white
striped shirt and he's wearing a
small hat and glasses. And
there's a woman in the passenger
side who's leaning out the
passenger window, and she has.
Big curly brown hair. She's got.
Glasses on.
She's waving to a a man standing
on the sidewalk.
She is a pink shirt and light
green skirt.
Behind the sports car in the
cobblestone street, you can see
a mailman.
With.
Light blue shirt and blue shorts
with his male bag across his
shoulder. And he has a little
blue hat. And he has a big dark
mustache with a pointy nose.
And behind him you can see the
street vendor that has the the
clown clown face pushing the
vendor cart.
The clown is wearing a green
shirt with brown pants and a
yellow tie, and he's got orange
hair and a big Red Nose and he's
talking to a little girl.
Let's see.
So now we can still see the
neighborhood, and it's even more
colorful and beautiful than it
was before.
Everything has become colored
and isn't black and Gray any
longer. There's still a lot of
people out playing. You can see
people in all of the windows of
the houses. You can see people
on top of the houses on decks on
top of the houses. You can see
the old man's house is still
there on the corner with the
flowers and the wood fence and
the dog and the green grass and
the blue shutters and the purple
roof.
And I do not see the old man at
his house right now.
The milk truck is still parked
next to his house, between his
house and the Coca-Cola
building.
And in front of the Coca-Cola
building, walking away from the
old man's house, is the old man,
and he's now back in his green
jacket.
And his.
Orange scarf and his hat with a
little orange flower off the top
of his hat. The old man has a
big white mustache, by the way,
and he's holding a bag.
In all of the buildings you can
still see some of the same
things. You can see the artist's
building, you can see the
picture he's painted, but the
artist is not not there. You can
see the mailman sitting on the
steps outside the red brick
building.
And he's taking a break and he's
got a he's holding a dog.
In in the street you can see the
man with a broken leg in the
wheelchair and he's Wheeling
down the street with kids
running after him.
Kicking. They're kicking a ball.
You can see another dog.
Chasing along with them, you can
see the man with the orange hair
and the yellow shirt. That's too
short for him, and he's also
chasing along and he's got
somebody on his shoulders and
somebody pushing behind him.
You can see the fountain.
And there's two little or
there's a little girl and her
mom holding a baby, standing
right by the fountain and they
look happy. And you can see an
older couple walking down the
cobblestone street arm-in-arm.
With smiles on their faces, the
old lady has a orange red top
with yellow skirt.
And the man has light colored
pants with a light blue shirt
and they look to be very happy
with each other.
You can see a lot of people kind
of dancing and playing in the
street, somebody playing their
guitar.
Umm.
OK, except on top of the
building there are some open
decks. So on top of the
Coca-Cola building that has the
red shutters, there is a.
Kind of deck area with a flower
box with flowers growing.
And there's an old man with a
white beard and bald, with a
little bit of white hair, with a
green shirt, and he's talking to
a little boy who's looking
through a telescope. There's a
little boy and a little girl.
The little girl's pointing off
to something in the sky.
Um.
On top of the.
Building with the artist's
apartment there is a purple
roof.
And on top of the roof is a very
large man who only is wearing a
towel around his waist.
And he looks happy and looks
like he's dancing on his rooftop
and he's holding flowers or
something in his hand.
So now we can see the
cobblestone streets with the
buildings, and these are the
buildings that we saw earlier.
One of them has a sign out on
the side of it that says Cafe.
And you can see into those
windows above the front door,
and it looks like an apartment.
So you can see two people in one
of the apartments, you can see a
green chair in the window of
another apartment. And you can
see on the top floor, one of the
windows is a little girl who's
staring out into the to staring
outside.
Looks to be dreaming and that
building is orange with yellow
shutters and a green roof.
And there's still the building
with the purple roof.
With the small deck.
And the man with the young child
is standing out there with his
wife. They're holding hands. And
the little boy has a pink shirt.
They all have dark hair and the
woman has a blue shirt with kind
of orange skirt, and down in the
cobblestones you can cobblestone
Street you can see some people.
There's a man on a motorcycle
who has stopped to talk to two
other people.
There's another man walking with
the purple shirt open shirt with
a white T-shirt and and tan
pants. He's got dark hair and a
dark mustache.
And walking away from him is the
old man, the old man with the
green jacket and the orange
scarf.
He's got his blue umbrella with
him in the left hand, and in his
right hand he's he's carrying
his bag.
So now in this picture, things
have gone back to black and
black and Gray.
White, black, and Gray except
for the sky. The sky is a bright
purple, light purple, and dark
purple.
And now you can see the old man
in the green jacket and the
orange scarf, and he's now
standing on the corner of
another building with a for sale
sign.
And this building is also kind
of dilapidated, a little bit
dilapidated and.
You can see a cobblestone
sidewalk that leads to the front
door.
The front door has a number 19
above it, and there's a dog
standing right at the bottom of
the steps. And in the windows of
these buildings, of this
building, you can see people. So
there's a man smoking a pipe in
the first floor window, and
above him there's a woman and a
child.
And they're all looking down
towards the old man, who is a
holding something in his hand
with a number on it. It looks to
be maybe #20.
OK.
Oh, I forgot this picture.
The other picture is also
cobblestone streets with a lot
of.
Two and three story buildings.
Every building, you can see the
windows are open and you can see
people in one of them. On the
1st floor it looks to be a
bakery and there's a man in a
kitchen. He's got a white apron
and a white beard and a white
baker's chef's hat. And outside
the building is a.
A car that's parked and there's
a fountain.
In the middle of the cobblestone
streets with a dog.
And there's a man sitting on the
edge of the fountain who has a
long brown beard, and he has a
bottle in his hand.
OK.
So now we can see just the very
front of one of the buildings,
with three steps leading up to
the front door.
And.
Kind of walking past those steps
is the man with the green jacket
and the orange scarf. He's still
carrying his bag and there's a
little dog at walking with him.
And at the top of those steps is
a young girl in a red jumper
with a.
Yellowish blouse and she has big
curly brown hair with a ribbon
holding it back off of her face
and on her shoulder. There's a
mouse sitting on her shoulder,
and she has a big smile on her
face with freckles, and she's
holding out with both hands,
holding out a purple flower.
And in the window of the house,
there's a another man leaning on
the window sill. He's holding a
red flower.
And he has a white shirt with a
Gray vest and a red bow tie, and
he's wearing glasses with a big
round face and a very nice
smile. And he's looking out
towards the young girl.
#END_flowerman
Perfect. OK.
So that's the end of that story
if you wanted to take a.
2 to 3 minute break. It's up to
you. Or we could just keep
going.
I'm good as long as I can keep
drinking something. Keep
drinking stuff. Thank you. Yeah,
of course.
OK, now let me pull up the next
one. I'm going to share my
screen. This is also a story.
Like I said before, just take
between 10 to 15 minutes. This
one's 20 slides, so you could
tell me when to flip and let me.
Is that OK? So whenever you're
ready.
OK, the story starts by.
#START_quest Looking looks like
we're in a park, maybe with a
park bench, and there's a street
light next to it, and then
there's a wall with a winged.
Warrior of some sort.
Standing on the on the edge of
it, and he's holding something
in his hands.
At the.
Behind there is a large archway.
And under that Archway being
protected by the rain.
Is a little girl.
And a little boy.
And the little girl is the one
with the red pen. She's got
brown hair and a white shirt.
She's wearing shorts. And she's
with the little boy that has the
purple pen.
And he has the striped shirt
with the dark pants.
Dark shorts.
And sitting on his shoulder is
the purple bird.
You can also see a 2 wheeled
bicycle that they must have
ridden and the front wheel is
purple and the back wheel is
red.
So you can see the little girl
in the little little boy along
with the purple bird are at the
front door of a.
Castle or a palace.
And the front doors are open and
there's a king who has come out
the front door and he's got a
long orange.
Robe on with a brown cloak over
the top of that and something
across his from across his front
from his shoulder.
He's got an orange crown on.
And he has long white Gray hair
with a long beard and long
mustache. And he's holding a
piece of paper that looks to
have.
Double circle drawn on it and
along the circles are.
Are other circles drawn and they
are all in different colors.
He's holding either a flashlight
or a orange pen.
So you can see the.
Uh, King has now taken off the
how to describe the.
The.
What he had across his shoulder
and the cross the front of him
looks like maybe it holds
ammunition. He's taken that off
and he's put it on the little
girl. The little girl still has
her red pen.
The the King is pointing to
something and the little boy is
standing there and he has the
paper in his right hand now, the
paper that had the circles drawn
on it. The little boy has his
purple pen and the purple bird
is sitting on his shoulder.
They're standing in front of the
open front door.
Now you can see coming out of
that door are two guards and
they have their Spears with them
that look like large arrows and
they are in in silver armor and
they've grabbed the arm of the
king and when they did that the
his orange Pen went flying out
of his hand.
And the little girl and the
little boy are standing next to
him and are very startled. And
the little girl has the red pen,
and the boy has his paper with
the Purple Pen. And the purple
bird is flying above them. And
now the guards are marching the
king into the open, back into
the open doorway.
And now you can see the little
boy and the little girl are
standing outside the door, but
the double doors are now closed.
The little boy has his purple
pen in his left hand and the
rolled up paper in his right
hand, and the purple bird is on
his shoulder.
The little girl.
still has her red pen in her
right hand. She has that.
Banner belt across her shoulder,
and in one of the slots she's
putting her oran, putting the
King's Orange Pen.
You can see outside the closed
doors, the little girl has taken
the Red pen and she's drawing
something on the wall, and the
little boy is kneeled down on
the ground and he's drawing
something with his purple pen.
And the purple bird is flying
above them. They finished
drawing and the little girl has
drawn a red key and the little
boy has drawn a purple key and
they're holding them up to one.
Another.
So they've put them in the front
doors, the red pen and the right
door, and the purple pen and the
sorry, the red pen in the left
door and the purple pen in the
right door, and they've opened
and unlocked those doors, and
they're running inside with the
purple bird following them.
So now you can see outside the
large castle.
The castle's grey but has a lot
of towers and turrets on it that
have purple roofs.
Some of the domed Dome.
Domes have gold covering on
them. You can see water or a
Moat outside this cal castle.
With a paddle boat.
Full of people that's paddling
in the water and on the boat you
can see.
Some of the guards with the
wearing their armor and with
their Spears and you can see the
king is on the the paddle boat.
And the paddle boat is going
through the water under a large
archway that above it has a
bridge.
Over on the other side of the
water under a small waterfall.
And a rock formation. You can
see the little boy and the
little girl and the purple bird
are hiding, watching what's
happening with the with the
boat, with the king.
OK.
So now you can still see the
castle with the gold domes and
the blue roofs and the large
archway that has a bridge across
the top. The bridge across the
top must have water on it
because there are boats floating
into the castle.
And under the archway is where
you can still see the large
paddle boat.
Umm.
Going under the archway.
And that's the boat that has the
king on it. You can see the
castle domes with the gold domes
and the blue roofs, and it
actually looks like some of the
towers might be on fire.
Down by the rock formation under
the waterfall is where you can
still see the little boy and the
little girl and the purple bird.
And they're now looking at that
map or that piece of paper that
had all the circles drawn on it,
the little girl's pointing to
one of the one of the circles.
So there are two large.
um there there's a large circle
with rainbow colors and then in.
Place along the large circle are
smaller circles with pictures in
them. There's 123456 smaller
circles with pictures.
The first picture they're
pointing to looks to be under
water, but it looks like a
building with columns and. But
it looks like there's fish
floating around and they're
pointing to that one.
So now you can still see the
little boy and the little girl
are crouched down by the rock
formation under the waterfall.
And they still have their map
with them and the purple bird,
but in the water.
are three boats with.
With guards, guards in them and
the.
The boats are getting closer to
the to the two children and in
one of the boats you can see.
One of the guards is holding a
gold birdcage and standing next
to him is a man that has a has
gold on his clothing as well as
his his hat. Behind them you can
see the castle.
And it still looks like towers
on the castle are on fire.
Now you can see the boy and the
girl on the rock formation, and
the girl has her red pen and the
boy has his purple pen and
they're each drawing something.
The little girl has drawn red
flippers.
And.
The.
Something else she's also drawn
a red circle with red circles on
it that I don't know what it is
yet, and the boy has has the
purple bird sitting on his
shoulder and he's drawn.
Large purple.
And tentacles of a octopus
coming up out of the water.
And now the two kids have their
red flippers on and they've
jumped into the water.
Now you can see under the water
and you can see the red octopus
that the boy has drawn. And the
two kids have their red flippers
on them and they have red scuba
tanks on their backs and red
scuba helmets on. The boy still
has his map wrapped up or rolled
up in his hand. You can see the
purple.
bird and the Purple Bird has a
scuba tank.
On him also.
They are grasping onto the
tentacles of the purple octopus.
And the purple octopus is going
towards a building that's under
the water.
That looks to be.
Umm, it It's the building that
we saw in the picture that was
in the circle that that they
were drawing at drawing pointing
to on their map.
And this building is.
Has large columns and is lit up
somehow underwater. There's
towers around this building.
On top of one of the towers is a
mermaid.
And around all of that it looks
to be like a Colosseum or large
archways around it. And there
are fish, fish in the water.
So now the two kids have gotten
down to the bottom where they're
at the building with the
columns, and in the middle of
that building is a statue with
seahorses, and on top of that
statue is.
Maybe a large open seashell?
And the little boy and the
little girl still have their red
flippers on and their red scuba
tanks and red scuba helmets. And
the purple bird is there with
the red scuba tank.
Now you can see in the water the
kids are hanging on to the.
Purple octopus, and they have
the map in their hand and the
little girl has the like belt
across her and she's got all of
the pens. She's got the red pen,
orange pen and purple pen. And
they're now being chased in the
water by the guards, led by the
one guard with the gold on him,
and he has gold flippers and a
gold gold.
Spear and.
Behind him are 4-5 more guards.
The kids have now gotten to some
land and they're coming up out
of the water, the little girl's
taking off her scuba gear.
The little boy is just coming up
out of the water with his red
scuba gear still on, but he's
grabbing the purple pen from the
little girl. Above them is the
purple bird flying and on the
land it are a lot of palm trees.
Way behind the palm trees you
can see a mountain range in the
background.
Now you can see the little boy
and the little girl are drawing
something. The little girl has
her red pen and the boy has the
purple pen. The Purple bird is
on the shoulder of the little
boy.
So what they have drawn is a
purple rhinoceros.
And on top of the purple
rhinoceros is a red.
Red.
Blanket over the top of the
rhinoceros and the little boy
and the little girl are sitting
on that blanket and above them
is a red.
Umm.
Canopy.
I can't think of the word.
And the purple bird is flying
along with them. They're headed
towards something that looks
kind of like a pyramid building
built on the side of the
hillside.
In the larger picture you can
see part of the pyramid looking
buildings.
And the hillside with a lot of
palm trees on it and a very
tall.
Cliff.
Maybe that has a dilapidated
rope bridge leading out into the
water.
Toward to a building.
Now there's a close up of the
cliffside on one side and the
and the building that's out in
the water on the right side and
the rope bridge is leading from
one side to the other. And on
that rope bridge you can see the
little boy and the little girl
are are running across the
bridge. The Purple bird is
flying above them and they're
headed towards the building
that's.
Built up out in the water and at
the very top of that building is
a bright yellow light.
Now the little boy and the
little girl have made it across
the rope bridge.
And they're on top of the column
that has the bright yellow
light.
Coming across the rope bridge
are now the guards with the
Spears, and they're on the rope
bridge. The Purple bird is also
flying above the kids.
Now the little girl is drawing
something in red and the little
boy has drawn something in
purple.
What they've drawn is the purple
object is like a a flying looks
like a a dragonfly, but it's
it's gigantic. It's really big.
In each of the his claws he has
a red string that leads down to
a red swing, that the little boy
and the little girl are sitting
on the red swing and the purple
bird is with them.
And the purple dragonfly is
flying them out and away from
the guards who are reaching to
try to grasp them.
The purple dragonfly has brought
the red swing with the boy and
the girl to the top of a.
Of a building or statue that
looks to be Asian. It has kind
of a Buddha looking statue
sitting at the bottom with with
lanterns, lanterns hanging off
of each corner.
The.
Purple Dragonfly has dropped off
the little boy, and the little
girl on the top of that behind
them are flying kind of like
blimps, big balloons with kind
of boats hanging off the bottom
of them, and they're full of
guards.
They're on the top of this.
Statue.
And the little boy still has the
map rolled up in his right hand,
and the little girl has the belt
that has the pens in them. But
now there's a purple pen.
Green.
Umm.
A kind of a yellowish green.
A yellow, orange and red pen,
and the purple bird is flying up
above them.
So now they're still standing on
top of the statue, but the two
of the blimps have gotten very
close to them, and one of them
is reaching out to grab.
The the purple bird.
In one of the blimps, one of the
guards has the gold bird cage
with him.
And you can.
You can see more of the.
Umm.
Kind of flying blimp boats.
With the guards in them.
The little boy and the little
girl are still standing on top
of the statue with the bright
light.
Right above them is one of the
blimp boats with the guards in
it, and one of the guards is the
one that has is wearing all of
the gold.
He's leaning out towards the
front of his blimp, shaking his
fist at something. You can see
another blimp with two guards
who are hanging off the edge of
the blimp, and they've dropped
their spear.
Between the little boy and the
little girl from that bright
light.
Is a rainbow of red and yellow
and green, blue and purple. And
that Rainbow was is leading up
to the belt that had all the
different colored pins in it,
the belt that the little girl
was wearing.
And the belt is being carried
and flown away by the Purple
bird.
And as it's flying away, all of
those pens are drawing this
rainbow down to the little boy
and the little girl.
The rainbow must be super bright
because some of the guards are
are covering their eyes with
their hand.
Including the guard that has the
Gold bird cage.
So now we're.
Back at the castle and you can
see way in the distance on the
top of that mountain is where
the rainbow is coming from, and
that's probably where the little
boy and the little girl are
standing. And that rainbow has
come up in the sky and has come
down to the.
The boat, the paddle boat that
is in the water outside the
castle, and this is the boat
that has the king on it and that
rainbow has come down right into
that boat. You can see the
purple bird with the belt and
all the different colored.
Pens is the flying there. He's
drawn that rainbow straight into
the boat, so it's blinding some
of the guards.
Some of the cards have fallen
over the side of the boat.
And the king is standing on the
very back with his hands up in
the in the in the air, looking
towards the other end of the
rainbow where the little boy and
the little girl are.
So now everything's becoming
much more colorful instead of
just Gray and dull.
You can see the castle, which is
all lit up with color.
With the rainbow behind it from
one side to the other.
You can see the water bridge
leading from the archway on one
side to the archway on another.
And in that water bridge are
some boats with gondoliers.
And.
Out of coming up out of the
water are purple tentacles from
the purple octopus.
There's a boat with a band
playing music with drum and tuba
and trumpet.
And you can see the back end of
the large paddle boat.
And on the top of the paddle
boat is our purple rhinoceros.
With the red blanket over the
top and the red canopy, and
sitting under the canopy are the
little boy and the little girl,
and in front of them is the king
and they're.
Waving to other people, there
are people that you can see.
In the castle.
In Windows in the castle and
decks in the castle, all waving
towards the the king.
So the paddle boat has come to
the rock formation that's under
the waterfall.
And the little boy has gotten
off the paddle boat, down some
steps on the on the back of it.
The King is helping them. He's
reached The king is on the the
ramp leading to the boat.
And he's reaching out his hand
to the little girl to help her
get down off of the the purple
rhinoceros in the water by the
rock formation.
You can see the tentacles of the
purple octopus.
In the background you can see
the.
Castle.
And the rainbow is still in the
sky with the purple dragonfly.
On the large rock formation
above the waterfall you can see
grass and flowers and
butterflies.
The little boy and little girl
are standing in front of a
brown.
Door and this brown door is in
the rock formation behind the.
Waterfall.
The little girl still has her
red pen. The boy has his purple
pen with the purple bird on his
shoulder.
And the king is standing in
front of them, and he has a gold
pen, and he's drawing something,
and he's drawn a crown.
He's placing the crown on the
boy's head while the boy is
kneeled down in front of him.
He's.
OK, so the little boy has a gold
crown and he's got his purple
pen, and the little girl also
has a gold crown and her red
pen, and she's entering the
doorway turned, waving to the
king. The king is saying goodbye
to them with his hands clasped
in front of him.
Bowing to them and the purple
bird is with them.
So now they have, the little boy
and little girl have.
Entered that doorway and there's
an archway.
Leading out towards.
A part of the park.
A park with trees and behind
that are skyscrapers. You can
still see the.
Rainbow above the all of the
buildings and the Purple bird is
still with them. #END_quest
Hey, that was the end of that
story.
OK, now I have a complex scene,
so just like 3/3 to 4 minutes.
For this one.
Ohh man.
I know, yeah.
Wow, look at this picture.
You don't even know where to
start.
Um.
#START_exhibit_12 OK, so we're
looking at a picture that what
what first stands out to you is
the bright red walls.
And all of the people, it is
packed.
Full of people.
And there's 123 levels.
To this building with steps
leading from one level to the
next, with decks looking decks
with railings looking over to
the to the level below them.
So all.
All of these people are packed
in, with some of them carrying
small pictures, large pictures.
Some of the pictures are framed.
Yellow frames, blue-green, red
frames.
All of the pictures appear to be
portraits. Portraits of people.
Or even.
Clowns. A clown, a pirate, a
prisoner?
um
There's a couple.
There are people walking around
holding the holding the
portraits. There are some people
who are painting or drawing new
portraits.
There's.
So much in this picture.
There is someone on a ladder and
he has a blue overalls on and he
is putting up a large mural on
the side of the red one of the
red walls.
Gluing it up on the side with a
a broom, brushing it onto the
onto the wall.
Above him are people along the
railing. Some people are sitting
with their legs dangling off the
railing, and other people are
just standing there.
Some people are singing and
playing an instrument.
One is playing a like a small
ukulele.
Wow.
On the red walls.
Are different portraits that are
hanging hanging up on the wall.
And some of these are the ones I
described. There's a couple.
And she's got a red dress on and
he has a brown suit.
And that portrait has a yellow
frame, and there's a green
framed portrait with a man with
brown hair and brown sideburns,
and he's smoking a pipe and the
pipe has smoke coming up out of
it.
There's a portrait of a man with
orange hair parted in the
middle, and he has an orange
mustache.
That go that is real long and
goes out to either side, kind of
like a handlebar mustache, but
it goes out straight.
In the crowd of people.
There.
Some of them look to be dressed
up in costumes, so there's
someone in a space costume with
a yellow helmet and orange
costume.
Someone in a brown robe that
looks like a monk.
A A Pilgrim with a black and
white hat.
A an Indian wearing an Indian
headdress.
A policeman in a blue.
Uh.
Policeman's uniform with a blue
hat.
Um, an Eskimo?
With a brown.
Coat and dark brown pants and
boots and gloves.
There are people who are trying
to get up the step stairs,
carrying portraits, carrying
portraits up to the top to the
first level, and another set of
stairs that lead from the second
level to the third level.
There's more people walking up
those steps and someone carrying
a very large portrait up the
steps.
Uh, there's four people trying
to carry that portrait.
On that second level, they're
they continue to hang more of
the portraits on the red wall.
There's two people in blue.
Coveralls who are hanging a
portrait, maybe of a
weightlifter, hanging it on the
red wall, then up on the third
level. It's still packed full of
people.
Walking by the red walls with
all the portraits on them.
#END_exhibit_12
The Ohh, you're you're good. So
I'm going to pull this one. I
know you could really go on
forever. Oh my gosh. It's yeah.
Yeah. No, you're good. OK, so
this is another one like that.
So just another scene.
And I'll just make it.
Bigger.
OK, so when you're ready.
You could start.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK, so now we are looking at.
Another picture with many, many
people in it in one area is a
volcano.
And coming out of the top of the
volcano is yellow.
Lava with white.
Puffs of white smoke.
And it's blown 2 people off the
top of the volcano. These people
are dressed like Cavemen.
And climbing up the outside of
the volcano, look to be other
Cavemen.
They're clinging to the side of
the volcano. They are sliding
down the side of the volcano.
And there's one caveman who has
a club in his hands.
And he's raising the club above
his head.
Alongside the volcano are.
Dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs of all different
color. There's a red dinosaur
who is just lounging on his
back.
There's a green dinosaur who
looks to be smiling as some of
the Cavemen are drawing on the
side of the dinosaur.
There's a pink rhinoceros
looking dinosaur.
Who has a horn on the front of
his nose like a Tusk and people
are doing ring toss and tossing
rings onto his Tusk. The that
dinosaur is bright pink and he
has.
Blue, red, yellow and green
rings on his Tusk and his ears.
There's a.
Green Dinosaur who is sitting up
on his back legs and with his
front legs. He's got his thumbs
in his ears, wagging his fingers
and sticking out his tongue.
At the cavemen and the other
dinosaurs, his bright red
tongue.
And there's another pink
dinosaur who is.
Laying on his back on the
ground.
And cavemen all around him.
The cavemen have. Some of the
Cavemen have clubs in their
hands. They're all wearing brown
fur like.
Um outfits.
Umm.
Let's see, there's also a red
dinosaur that must be a costume
because out of the top of the.
Where the head would be of the
dinosaur, the head is off and
there's a person standing inside
that dinosaur costume.
And he's holding on to the red
head of the dinosaur.
There are a lot of Cavemen
standing at the base of the
volcano.
Some of them are pointing at
smaller.
Dinosaur or lizard looking
animals that I think are
costumes. So I think it's.
People putting on those lizard
costumes.
Next to them is.
There's also some.
Cavemen just lounging. So
there's a blue and white towel
and a caveman is laying down on
top of that.
There is a set of looks like
bright lights, so the lights
are.
Large.
Like theater lights that are
blue and they're pointed towards
the volcano.
Next to the volcano.
Is a large set of wooden
scaffolding.
And off the top of the
scaffolding are blue ropes and
pulleys.
That are leading down to.
A background, a blue background
with stars and the moon and.
In the in the background of the
of the mural and from the blue
rope are hanging spaceships.
And.
And astronauts.
And some of the spaceships are.
Round with circles around them
with a glass globe dome in the
middle.
And.
Most of the spaceships are pink.
With red and green stripes
around the edge and inside the
glass domes of the spaceships
you can see.
Aliens or um space.
Martians and also hanging down
from some of the blue ropes from
the scaffolding are the
astronauts. The astronauts all
have on orange on spacesuits
with yellow boots and yellow
gloves, and they have helmets on
them.
Some of them are hanging upside
down.
Some of them are running away
from.
Flames.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
And.
Let's see.
OK.
Now.
OK, next.
I have a short story and it's
six slides, so just let me know
when to move on.
I could get it into present mode
OK.
#START_arrival_6 OK, we start
out by seeing a pot or a vase.
Sitting on a table.
In front of.
Maybe an open window or a
mirror?
And flying down to the edge of
the pot is a little flying
insect. He's got something in
his mouth and he's dropping that
inside the pot.
Not sure which direction it goes
here, let's go here. So now
we've gone back a little bit and
you can still see the pot on the
on the table.
And it's a mirror that's on the
wall. And reflected in the
mirror you can see an oil lamp
that's lit.
And there's a person sitting at
the table. He has a paper and an
ink pen in his hand.
He's writing something on the
paper with the ink pen.
And some.
Maybe money sitting on the table
in front of him?
He's now finished writing on the
paper and he's folding it and
he's folding it into a little
origami bird.
He's put the origami bird inside
it in a large envelope.
He's put the money in the
envelope.
And he's licked the envelope
shut and put a stamp on it.
He has the envelope in his hand.
And he's walking down the steps.
The man has a dark suit and dark
shoes.
And he's being followed by a
strange mouse looking animal.
He's talking to a woman on the
street, and the woman on the
street has a basket.
Out of the basket is a tail.
She has on a long dark.
Dress with a white scarf over
her head and she's pointing.
Pointing towards something.
The man and the strange animal
are now walking towards.
Kind of a mailbox. A mailbox
that is rectangular but it
looks.
To have a kind of wings on
either side of it and he's
walking towards it pressing some
buttons.
Pulling a handle and.
The little doors open.
And he's putting the envelope
inside.
The man's now looking up at the
sky.
And these.
Walking away with the animal
along a hillside that have not
trees but very large leaves.
Leaves that are growing up like
trees.
And flying behind him is now the
mailbox with a being being
floated by a large ball.
One of the leaves is now
splitting open.
And as it splits open.
There is something that's
growing out of the middle,
middle of it, so a stem grows up
out of the middle of the leaf.
And at the top of the stem.
A flower or circle is is forming
and a flower is forming.
And the flowers becoming very
bright and.
Intricate.
With a center and pedals around
it.
And it's very bright, but now
it's becoming very dark and it
gets darker and darker.
And darker until all you can see
is.
Is is a dark
Flower.
And now within the darkness.
It's becoming lighter in some
spots, or clear, see through.
And it gets lighter and lighter.
It looks like some of the dark
darkness is falling off and it's
now.
A flower that's outlined, but
you can see through it all.
OK.
We can see a very tall building
with a short building in in
front of it. The building has a
lot of windows.
And the shorter building on top
of it.
Has.
Other buildings in different
shapes. A teepee shape,
rectangular shape.
Looks like there's.
Street lights or poles?
Looks like snow is on the
ground.
Flying outside the building are
some looks like flying boats
with smokestacks.
As you get closer to the top of
the shorter building, you can
see that the teepee shaped
building.
Um, you can see kind of
smokestacks you can.
There are.
Large.
Circles that look like gigantic
plates.
With geometric symbols drawn on
them.
There's the hillside.
With.
A lot of things growing.
Flowers, trees.
Bushes.
Way in the distance you can see
more of the same thing, with
trees and bushes, but you can
also see a road winding through.
Kind of the hillside that is
white.
OK. We start with the vase or
the pot that we saw earlier and
coming up out of the.
Part are three little birds,
just their heads sticking out.
Flying towards them is a.
Flying animal bringing them
something to eat.
The.
Strange looking animal that was
walking with the man is also.
Also there.
And now that animal is running
towards something.
There's a man holding a picture.
In his left hand.
But he is startled by something
and looking over towards his
right.
You can see an opening in the
floor with a ladder and the tail
of the strange animal has gone
down that ladder.
The man has followed down the
ladder and he sees the strange
animal, who is now looking at an
envelope that's on the floor.
The man is picking up the
envelope.
Opening it.
And inside the envelope he's
taking out.
The origami bird.
He's opened.
Up the the origami bird so the
paper's all crumpled up, and
he's reading it with a big smile
on his face.
And now he's looking out the
window into the into the sky.
Here's a set of nine different
pictures. One is the strange
animal that is now in a paper
origami shape.
One is a triangle.
A piece of machinery with a
large circle opening in the
front of it with a plates with
geometric symbols on it.
You can see a.
Uh.
Hooks on the wall and hanging on
the hooks are a men's brown hat
and a towel with flowers on it.
In the fourth picture you can
see a bowl.
With.
Food, fruit or food in it. One
looks like artichoke with the
different petals coming up and
the other is long and curly.
Kind of tails like.
In the next picture you see hand
drawings.
This drawing has clouds.
And uh, kind of that flying boat
with the smokestacks and smoke
coming out of the top.
In the next picture you see a.
Piece of.
Equipment that looks like an oil
can, it has a spout coming out
of one side and on the top,
coming towards the other side is
a long handle.
And another another piece that
has.
A kind of A twist handle on the
top of it.
And you can see.
A newspaper.
With a cup and saucer sitting on
top of it, and the cup has a
steaming.
Has steaming coffee coming out
of it.
There's a portrait of a man and
a woman and a child, and the man
is in a dark suit.
And the woman has a blouse and
dark skirt.
And the young girl has a white
dress with a big smile on her
face.
In the last picture you can see
a small hand.
Reached out with her palm up.
And a man is reaching out with a
coin, putting the coin into the
girl's hand.
You can see the cup and saucer
behind the hand.
This picture is a large.
A picture with a man, woman and
child sitting at a wooden table.
And they have some the Bowls in
front of them.
The bowls with the artichoke
like fruit and the and the food
with the tail, the cup and
saucer. This is where the man is
handing the coin to the little
girl with his left hand and with
his right hand he's holding up
three fingers.
Sitting across from the little
girl is the woman, and she's
smiling at the at the little
girl.
On the floor next to the little
girl is this strange looking
animal who's looking up at her.
On the wall behind the woman,
you can see the hand drawings
with the flying boat, the hook
with the men's hat and the
towel.
There's another long shelf with
the origami of this strange
little animal sitting on the
shelf. The portrait of the three
the man, woman and child. A vase
with flowers and other pictures
hanging.
The little girl is now putting
on her her boots.
The strange animal has the
little girl's hat in its mouth
and the little girl is taking
the hat and putting her hat on
and they're running off.
They're running down some steps
by the by a castle palace
looking building.
And they're pointing to some
bright.
Circles that are on the on the
ground.
She's.
Picked up the bright circles and
they've become larger and are
floating up out of her hand.
#END_arrival_6
OK.
Yeah, it's out of that.
OK.